most open television chain that
never my beloved was born and dalí mates
very good morning what a pleasure to greet you in
this morning from Friday to the lake
weekend at this time entering
the cold front in the honors of the country
victoria city with drizzle matamoros
reynosa monterrey poza rica y
villahermosa drizzling saltillo have
chihuahua fog zero degrees
temperature
toluca 1 querétaro 5 guadalajara 6
populate 7 I'm feeling the cougars
cougars are approaching this study
durango 8 hot waters 9 degrees and al
end of the section will you have the
amount of cougars that will enter with
you have a new frontal system
in the northeast area the territory
national for today affectation in the gulf
from mexico for tomorrow Saturday and Sunday
the border of bar california and sonora
with much alone in the center of the country what
it seems to you if we analyze the image together
of satellite and observe you very clear
what is this this is the cold front
the cold air from behind that's why chihuahua
0 degrees today drizzling
laredo monterrey victoria matamoros
reynosa denied city in tampico with
rain forecast and it is observed very
clearly this speed the entry of
a cloudy to the gulf of mexico for this
day with rain forecast by
course Tabasco Veracruz for the day of
tomorrow the border of baja california and
sound with hugo city the forecast of
rain all the center of the country cleared
sunny some clouds but side
important and good afternoon night
showers in campeche yucatan
maximum temperatures today we
we go to the north of the country
Tijuana 1929 Hermosillo 28 degrees Suarez
16 24 in chihuahua torreón 24 durango
with 26 we greet the heart of the
Mexican republic
I see the cougars very upset the day
of today here in the study of the maxims
zacatecas 22 aguascalientes 27 me
He seemed to hear a cute kitten
26 degrees morelia lion 27 san luis with
25 the federal district and the states
surrounding a lofty weekend
extraordinary sunny much heat
Toluca a granite with cold this morning
people 5
toluca reaches 22 querétaro 27 pachuca
24 scale 23 village 25 Cuernavaca with
31 in the gulf of mexico is note
meteorological today tomorrow wind of the
northern cloudiness rain forecast
course tamaulipas veracruz tabasco
Campeche the peninsula and count 28 of
maximum campeche 29
tuxtla 28 oaxaca with 27 prognosis
extended planning the next five
days
monterrey very cloudy today and tomorrow with
cold a forecast of drizzle 12 degrees
Today tomorrow, tomorrow, on Sunday, he recovers
longer periods sun 23 degrees and see what
wonder next week do not go
girl do not go 26 on Tuesday the maximum
in 30 degrees friends we're leaving now
to the city
not the one that wants the different pear
today 25 tomorrow 26 Sunday 27 Monday 27
and next Tuesday 28 degrees to
close with guadalajara jalisco faced
chivas why we put a lot of sun
al chepo and his pupils 28 29 degrees in
about 30 and on Tuesday 29 the
bet and dali already work the basket of
tacos the next section 200 bar milestones
in the section section my camera 3
carnalito I'm sorry pumita friends
scope , what a shame, man, what a pity
200 give my brother to the
same from the america if we go here
the cougars continue paying of course
we return all the information is
subscribe to our YouTube channel
so you 're always informed of the
latest news from mexico and the world
start right now by clicking on
these videos